What do you mean?
Didn't you just say you wanted to go back with me?
It was our fault that night.
We all drank too much
Why don't you want to be responsible now?
Don't worry, as the father of the child
For the sake of ingots
I will do my father's duty
Let's go home and see the ingots first
Ouch ingot
How did it go?
I could have thrown you over.
Ouch, much better.
In the future, when Mom and Dad are not around
Don't eat what others give you
Late
The child has almost recovered
But he needs to be hospitalized for another day of observation
You have to pay more attention in the future
Now is the time for the child to grow
I see. Thank you, doctor.
Dad, will you always be with me in the future?
Of course Dad would.
Dad will always be with Yuanbao
I'll give you whatever you want in the future, okay?
Great, I have a dad, haha.
Such a good man
I will never let you go
Humph
I will tie you with ingots